Hello this is Kirill from forexboat dot com.
And welcome back to the course on testing and optimization in trade for.
It's been a week since we launched our demo test and I just wanted to check in with you.
So as you can see I've labeled the terminals so we know exactly where which set is running.
Right away we can see that we already have some preliminary results.
The top two terminals have incurred a bit of a loss as you can see here this there has been three loss
trades in the past week.
And altogether that was about minus 700 bucks on this account there was only two lost trades and that's
about minus $600.
And but the bottom two accounts have shown a much better picture which we hope will continue.
So here we've got two trades which resulted in profits and altogether about five plus $560.
And on this account we have three trades in the past week which resulted in profits and that's a proximately
plus another $500.
So that's the result so far hopefully these two accounts will continue bringing profits and maybe these
accounts might recover during the rest of the test.
We will check back in with these demo accounts in one week from now.
I look forward to seeing you in the next tutorial.
And until and happy trade